PHP PgDB
========

PHP PostgreSQL extension abstraction class.

New in 0.2
----------

* The PgResultSet API was complete reworked to allow multiple calls to all it's
  methods without side-effects (except for the next() and nextObject() methods
  that behave the way they did in 0.1 release).

* The $returnRaw flag was added to query() method in PgDatabae, so that you can
  get the raw result resource instead of the PgResultSet instance.

Compatibility
-------------

Before you begin, you should be aware that this package only works with PHP
5.3+, and Postgres 8.0+. While it doesn't make use of many advanced Postgres
features directly, it does use namespaces, which means it will not work with
PHP <5.3. Namespaces are a good thing, though, so you should be happy about
this. :)

This package also requires the PostgreSQL extensions to be installed.

Overview
--------

This package provides two classes for simplifying your PostgreSQL experience.
The main class is PgDatabase. It handles the connection, and basic query
template system with _very_ basic sanitizing. It is your holy duty as a
diligent developer to sanitize the input values before you pass them as query
variables. See the rest of the documentation in the ``PgDB/PgDatabase.php``
file.

Example code
------------

The ``test.php`` file contains some test code. Althought it's purpose is to
test the PgDatabase class, you can also read it as an example its usage.

License
-------

Copyright (c)2010 by Branko Vukelic. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version. (See ``LICENSE`` file for the exact text of the GPL license.)

At your option, you may redistribute and/or modify this program under the terms
of GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version. (See ``LGPL`` file for the exact text of LGPL license.)

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Note on commercial use
----------------------

Commercial use of this software is allowed. However, you may not distribute
this code in encrypted form without providing the source code.
